♪ Sunday, Monday, happy days ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
happy days ♪
♪ Thursday, Friday, happy days ♪
♪ The weekend comes,
my cycle hums ♪
♪ Ready to race to you ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- ♪ Happy and free ♪
- ♪ Oh, happy days ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- I Share them with me I
- S Oh, baby a'
♪ Good-bye, gray sky,
hello, blue ♪
♪ There's nothing can hold me
when I hold you ♪
♪ It feels so right
it can't be wrong ♪
♪ Rocking and rolling
all week long ♪
(organ solo plays
over rhythmic handclaps)
♪ Sunday, Monday, happy days ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
happy days ♪
♪ Thursday, Friday, happy days ♪
♪ Saturday, what a day ♪
♪ Groovin' all week with you ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- ♪ Share them with me ♪
- ♪ Oh, happy days ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- I Happy and free I
- S Oh, baby a'
♪ These happy days
are yours and mine ♪
♪ These happy days are yours ♪
♪ And mine, Happy Days! ♪
RICHIE:
In this episode of Happy Days,
there was no
trick photography used.
All magic feats were done live.
AL:
I think I got mic fright.
HOWARD:
Don't be nervous, Al.
Being on the radio is fun.
Just like talking
on the telephone.
One time when I was
in high school, the teacher...
HOWARD:
Just relax.
GEORGE: Five... four... three...
two... one, we're on the air!
Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Milwaukee.
This is George Fenneman,
your roving reporter,
and right now
we are broadcasting live
from the home
of Howard and Marion Cunningham.
Welcome to our lovely home.
Would you like to see upstairs?
Marion, this is not
"Person to Person".
Then why did I wear the fez?
Howard Cunningham
and Al Delveccio
are co-chairmen
of the Leopard Lodge's
annual Sunnyside Orphanage
Fundraising Dinner Show
being held tomorrow night
at the Pfister Hotel.
Um, Mr. Cunningham,
uh, could you tell us
about the upcoming events?
No, that's-that's Delveccio.
Oh, all right, Mr. Delveccio,
could you tell us
about the event?
M-M-Mr. Delveccio?
Well, it seems the cat's got
Mr. Delveccio's tongue.
Um, Mr. Howard, would you, uh--
you are Howard?
- Yes. -Would you...
You are co-chairman?
- Yes.
- Would you like to tell us?
Yes, I'm co-chairman.
Delveccio handles entertainment.
- I handle magic.
- Oh.
Well, uh, all right.
It's gonna be
a very exciting evening, George.
We're gonna start off
with a-a sumptuous dinner,
and then we're gonna have
a spectacular magic show
featuring
the Incredible Crostini,
and-and he's going
to attempt to do
a-a terrific,
terrific suspenseful trick.
It's the famous milk can escape.
Yeah, and-and here to extend
a special invitation
to our audience are Louie
and Louise,
our little poster children
from the orphanage.
I like magic, and I'd love you
to come watch the show with me.
Me, too. Magic's neat.
I'm Louie.
Aren't they darling?
Oh, they're just charming.
Louie and Louise. Um...
It's going to be
a fun-filled evening, folks.
Uh, that's Mr. Delveccio,
ladies and gentlemen.
Rosa Colletti,
if you're out there, listen.
All is forgiven.
- Al!
- This is Al.
I'm talking...
Good morning, everybody.
More company!
Isn't this nice?
This is our friend
Arthur Fonzarelli.
How nice.
Hey out there in Radio Land.
Arthur Fonzarelli here.
Listen, benefit,
Saturday night, $15,
Cheap.
Be there. Whoa.
I sounded pretty good, huh?
Ladies and gentlemen,
maybe we better go back
to-to Howard Cunningham.
There's more?
Joanie, look at this.
We've been replaced.
What?
Oh, we're still on the air.
We heard you on the car radio.
♪ Venus, goddess of love
that you are... ♪
Two giraffes meet
on the street...
Ralph!
We are talking about orphans.
Good. Two orphans meet
on the street.
First one says,
"The bad thing about having
an eight-foot neck..."
Forget jokes.
♪ Surely the things ♪
- ♪ I ask won't be too... ♪
- Let me do the punch line.
POTSIE:
I have to finish the song.
- Wait a minute.
- Shh!
Whoa!
Well, I think we're off the air.
Thank goodness.
(phone rings)
MARION:
Hello.
Oh. Oh, my.
That's terrible.
Yes, yes, we understand.
Thank you for calling, bye-bye.
- Oh, Howard.
- Hm?
The Great Crostini is
in the hospital.
He was injured.
He had an accident doing
his milk can escape,
and he almost drowned.
Drowned!
Well, that's not
in our contract!
Dear, I'm sure
it wasn't intentional.
Yeah, but he's the only one
who can do the milk can escape.
Oh, now I'm ruined.
And the Leopard Lodge
is gonna blame me for this,
and they're gonna demote me
to fez checker again.
Hey, hey, hey, no problem,
no fez checker for you, either.
Well, Fonz, it sounds
sort of like a problem.
Oh, now, we're gonna
have to cancel the dinner.
No cancelling nothing.
You're forgetting
the kids, right?
Hey, kids, what's that loot
gonna be used for?
Well, we got a leaky roof.
- Yeah. -And everyone
was gonna get new beds.
Yeah.
And our Alvin and the Chipmunk
record wore out.
Alvin and the Chipmunk record.
Now that is the topper.
Yeah, the show must go on.
The show must go on.
But how?
Our star is in the hospital.
Hey, the Amazing Randi.
That's great!
Hey, who is the Amazing Randi?
- Who is the Amazing Randi?
- Yeah.
Only the-the-the escape artist
par excellence,
the primo magician in the world.
You hear that, Dad?
He knows the escape artist
par excellence
primo magician
in the whole world!
Is he any good?
What about the milk can escape?
Milk can is his middle name.
Well, all right. I'll make a few
calls, and we'll look into it.
No, you better get him now.
He's hot, gone.
All right,
we-we'll sign him up right away.
I'll call him.
Richard, make him sign
this contract.
- All right.
I'm gonna get Ralph and Potsie.
We're gonna go to Chicago,
and we're gonna meet this man
face to face.
This is just like
an Andy Hardy movie.
Dig this.
Five, four, three, two, one.
Fonz.
Blackstone Hotel.
Michigan Avenue. Room 1403.
Thanks.
Dig this.
Five, four, three, two, one.
- I need money for the train.
- Here you are.
RALPH:
You know, they can't fool me.
They may call this
the 14th floor,
but I know
it's really the 13th.
(knocking)
Oh, door's open.
Magic door.
Oh, hello?
Mr. Amazing?
Uh, Randi, hello?
He's not here.
Let's PW!-
And look-look
at all this stuff, guys.
Hey, a magic hat!
Oh, Potsie,
don't touch that stuff, okay?
Come on, Pots, let's see you
pull a rabbit out of it.
I can't; it's empty.
I thought it was empty.
What the heck? How do we...
You got to put that back.
All taken care of.
Hey, I wonder what he does
with this thing.
- I saw this once.
- Oh, yeah?
Yeah, I was buying
a rubber nose.
Yeah, sure.
All it did,
it collapses and disappears.
Watch. Oh!
Just what the room needed,
a little color.
You guys are making me nervous.
Ah, come on, Rich.
This place is like a fun house.
- Well, yeah, but...
- Look at this.
I bet it makes you disappear.
- Hey, get in.
- All right.
(chuckles)
Am I still here?
- No, it didn't work.
- Oh.
Okay, I'm gonna lock you up.
No, I'm not sure
you should do that, Pots.
Let's give it a try.
Come on, get over here, Rich.
Well, uh, it says push here.
Well, then push.
Well, all right.
Here we go, Malph.
(groans)
(laughter)
Oh, come on, guys.
You broke me.
Somebody fix this.
I haven't got the stomach
for it.
(laughter)
I've still got it.
- Even in three pieces, huh?
- You do.
- Now let's get you out of there.
- All right.
Watch your hand there.
All right.
Hurry up. Get him out.
Hurry UP-
Wait till the Amazing Randi
gets here.
-(g roans)
- All right.
Oh, welcome back, hips.
Hey, guys, guys, look.
Oh, Pots!
Look.
The Amazing Randi comes in here
and sees us playing around
with his stuff,
he's not gonna
sign the contract.
- Eh.
- Get rid of this stuff.
- How?
- Well, I don't know.
Let's throw it out the window
or something.
- Just until he signs.
- All right, all right,
- I'll get the curtains.
- It keeps coming.
Well, help me with it, Ralph.
What do you think I'm doing?
-(gasping)
'oh!
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
I'm the Amazing Randi.
Oh, yeah?
Got any identification?
- Potsie!
- Uh...
Hello, Mr. Amazing.
I'm, uh, I'm Richie Cunningham.
I... This is, this is something.
Uh, sir,
why are you hanging upside down
in a strait jacket 14 stories
over Michigan Avenue?
- It's 2:00.
- Ah.
You see, I do this for practice.
It keeps me in shape.
Oh, well, uh, see,
I'm the guy that Arthur
Fonzarelli spoke to you about.
Oh, yes. You're the young man
with the orphans.
Uh, I'd be very happy
to do that benefit for you.
Hey, that's great!
Well, uh, listen,
I've got a contract, but I guess
you can't sign it now
so I'll leave it on the desk.
Oh, no need, no need.
I have a pen right here.
Well, all right.
Uh, sign right there.
That's amazing!
He's got a pen
that writes upside down.
Well, thanks a lot, Mr. Amazing.
- Okay.
- Yeah, see you.
Yeah. Hang in there.
(chuckles)
♪ Stars appear
and the shadow is a-fallin' ♪
♪ I can hear
my heart a-callin' ♪
♪ A little bit of lovin'
makes everything all right ♪
♪ And I'm goin' to see
my baby tonight ♪
♪ All my love,
all of my kissin' ♪
♪ You don't know
what you been a-missin' ♪
♪ Oh, boy ♪
- ♪ Oh, boy ♪
- ♪ When you're with me ♪
♪ You got the world
to see that ♪
♪ You were meant for me ♪
♪ Oh, boy. ♪
(applause)
Aren't they wonderful?
Al, we're doing great, huh?
Yeah, terrific.
- It's terrible.
- Huh?
Rich, help me.
Everything's going wrong.
- Oh, it's gonna be fine, Al.
- Oh, sure. Fine.
You know, I put in an order for
coffee and drinks for everyone.
Well, where are they?
- Isn't that it on the tray?
- Where?
Well, all right,
they snuck it in.
Okay, what's next
on the clipboard?
All right, all right, uh, Dad
has a few announcements to make.
He's got a few announcements
to make.
And then he's gonna introduce
the magician.
Okay, all right,
where's your Dad? Where is he?
You know, he's co-chairman too,
you know.
He's on stage making
a few announcements.
Good.
That's where he should be.
All right,
now where's the magician?
Where is the magician?
- Right there, Al.
- Here-here-here's the magician.
All right, all right,
you all ready to go on?
- Okay? Good.
- Yeah, of course, I'm ready.
Uh, Joanie.
I'm not going on
in front of all those people.
I look like a bike reflector.
Joanie, the audience
is filled with hunks.
(chuckles)
Ready when you are, A.R.
All right, all right.
Look, I got to go fix up
all your props for you.
Okay now.
Joanie, you look cute.
All right, Mr. Amazing,
place is packed.
At $15 a head,
go out there and kill them.
Yeah.
I'm ready.
(coughing)
- I'll get some water.
- Oh, good.
Nerves.
Happens every performance.
That's all right. Potsie's
getting you some water there.
- Here we go.
- Oh, thank you, thank you.
Sure.
(gasping)
N-Not water.
Huh?
This is straight vodka!
What?
That's impossible.
I don't drink.
Rich! Rich!
Mr. Amazing!
All right, fellas.
We're running late.
I mean, your dad is out there
telling a bunch of corny jokes.
Now, who's next on the schedule?
(groaning)
How...
dry---...
lam...
He sings, too?
A kangaroo goes into a bar
and asks for a scotch and soda.
And the bartender says,
"That'll be $7.50."
"You know, we don't get
too many kangaroos in here."
- Howard!
- And he...
Marion, I'm right
in the middle of a joke.
Oh, everybody knows
that joke, Howard.
Oh?
And then the kangaroo says,
"Well, at these prices,
it's no wonder."
What do you want, Marion?
Huh?
(laughs)
Uh, uh, look, folks,
why don't you just take
a few minutes
and finish your tapioca pudding,
and I'll be right back.
What's happening here?
Well, uh, the, uh,
Amazing Randi,
uh, thirsty, and nervous,
and so Potsie, not water, vodka.
Blotto.
You gave him a glass of vodka?
Yeah. (screams)
Dad, you can't do it!
- Why not?
- There's no time.
Right. There's no time.
If he can't perform,
they're going to start screaming
for their money back.
All right, Dad, now listen,
we can't panic.
It's true,
we're in quite a bit of trouble.
But we just got to,
just got to try to sober him up.
Okay, so could you stall?
And how do you propose
I stall, huh?
Two giraffes meet
on the street...
♪ Venus, goddess of love
that you are... ♪
That's not a stall,
that's a dead stop.
You could tell your war stories.
They take forever, Dad.
Yeah, I could do that.
- Mr. C...
- Oh, no, Howard.
Well, all right, all right.
Let's try and get him up
and walk him around.
Mom, would you get
some coffee, please?
All right, certainly.
Uh, cream and sugar?
Black, Mom, black.
Let's go.
Okay. How you doing?
I just came in to wish Randi,
uh...
Oh, it's amazing.
I'm all dressed up
and nowhere to disappear.
Well, you're young, dear.
You'll get used
to the disappointment.
All right,
don't fret, everybody.
All you got to do
is find another magician.
Fonz, where are we gonna
find another magician?
Oh.
Well, here ya got a red scarf,
see, like, like that?
- Oh.
That's wonderful.
Wonderful.
Isn't that wonderful?
You thought that was wonderful?
.L.ley_
"Oh!
For you.
AUDIENCE: We want the milk can!
We want the milk can!
Please.
Please, folks,
let me have your attention.
Here is what you have been
waiting for.
A man whose actions speak louder
than words,
the Fantastic Fonzie.
(drum rolling)
All right, you lucky devils.
I need my able assistant,
my most beautiful shortcake.
The bowl, madam.
All right, now,
I'll tell you something.
She loves me.
She loves me not.
Ladies and gentlemen,
she loves me.
And because I love her,
I need her to have
a whole bouquet herself.
You know...
Where are they?
There they are!
(applause)
Coming up is a doozy.
It's gonna put a snap
in your trunks.
The disappearing box.
May I have my assistants,
please?
I'm gonna get in this box here.
You'll notice that everything's
the same right here.
I'm going to disappear.
Whoa.
Spin me!
RICHIE:
All right, here we go.
Two ostriches meet
on the street...
No humor, Ralph, this is magic.
You brought me back
a little soon.
All right, this next trick,
this next trick is fabulous.
It's called the floating woman.
I need a volunteer.
Pick me, pick me!
I think I got a live wire.
A loud round of applause
for Mrs. C.
Don't overdo it, Marion!
(applause)
All right, now, Mrs. C.,
listen up.
When I snap my fingers,
you're gonna go
into a deep sleep.
I'm ready when you are, Arthur.
-(snaps) -All right,
my assistants please.
Not now, Mrs. C.
All right,
I want you to concentrate.
Watch my fingers.
Watch them, watch them,
-(snaps)
-and you're out like a light.
All right, gentlemen.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Gentlemen, the chairs.
Gentlemen, the board.
(applause)
My Hula-Hoop.
Shortcake.
Thank you.
(applause)
HECKLER:
We want danger!
Give us the milk can escape.
Please, please, can't you see
I'm in a trance here?
(snaps)
Hasn't he sobered up yet?
I did every trick I know
in the book and I also did...
I promised
them the milk can escape.
He's not sober yet, Fonz,
and we have tried everything.
They're just not gonna leave
until they see
the milk can escape.
Well, I'm afraid
we're just gonna
have to give them
their money back.
Oh, Mr. C...
Hi, show's going great.
Oh, yes it is, but, uh,
well, I'm afraid
the Amazing Randi
isn't feeling so well.
(groans)
And no one else can do
the milk can escape,
you see,
because it's very dangerous.
What about Fonzie?
He can do anything.
Yeah, that's-that's true,
that's very true,
but in this particular case,
uh, you know, people drown.
Please, Fonz,
you've got to do it.
No, uh, kids,
I don't think you understand.
There are only three people
in the whole world
that can do this, uh,
escape trick, you know?
One of them is dead,
one of them is in the hospital
and one of them is, uh...
(groaning)
Smashed out of his gourd.
Correctamundo.
The orphanage needs the money.
Please, Fonz?
You can do it.
Fonzie, you can't do it.
Arthur, this is too dangerous.
The milk can escape can only
be done by a trained magician.
Or you, Fonz.
You can do it, Fonz.
- Please?
- Would you?
All right, look,
just prepare the milk can,
you know.
BOTH:
Yay!
Hey, hey, look, Mr. C.
I mean, you only live once.
I mean, it's just a trick,
ain't it?
Mm-hmm.
But do you know how to do it?
I was hoping you could tell me.
(groaning)
BOTH:
He can't.
No.
AUDIENCE:
We want the milk can!
Ladies and gentlemen, may I have
your attention, please?
You are about to witness
one of the most unusual,
the most breathtaking
and dangerous deeds
ever attempted.
The famous milk can escape.
(applause)
HECKLER:
Well, it's about time.
There gentlemen are preparing
the milk can.
Boy, I'd hate to be the cow
that had to fill this.
HECKLER:
Put him in it!
Hurry up, Pots,
they're getting hostile.
Okay, that does it!
And now, ladies and gentlemen,
the man who will be performing
this extraordinary feat
of derring do, the one,
the only, king of escape,
the Fantastic Fonzie!
(applause)
Fonzie, it's not too late
to change your mind, you know.
Hey, I know what I'm doing,
Mr. C.
I know.
And I want to tell you all
that this can is solid steel.
It is the exact can
that Houdini used
that I'm gonna use.
Whoa.
Uh-oh.
Get the locks!
- Get it down.
- Are they down?
I got this one.
And this one's a little stuck.
All right, locked back here.
- Okay.
- Okay, bring in the curtain.
- Curtain down.
- Bring curtain down.
15 seconds!
Incidentally,
ladies and gentlemen,
the locks used here
were supplied and certified
to be authentic
by Cunningham Hardware.
RALPH:
25 seconds!
Ladies and gentlemen,
you are privileged
to be the only audience
in the history
of the state of Wisconsin
to see Houdini's magic
milk can escape.
This is something you're going
to be able to tell
-your grandchildren.
-35 seconds.
What's happening?
Fonzie's doing
the milk can escape.
RALPH: He's been in there
over 40 seconds!
MARION:
Oh, Howard.
40 seconds!
Get him out of there.
- He'll drown!
-(screaming)
Who's got the keys?
Ralph's got them.
(screaming continues)
I've got the ax.
(applause)
Hey, gang, George Fenneman said
he's gonna review
our show tonight.
Just a few minutes.
Hey.
I got great news.
It looks like we're gonna clear
over $12,000.
All right.
What a fabamundo night.
I'll bet I could get
a lot of hunks
with that milk can escape trick.
I think I'll try it.
Hunks? Hunks?
What are you, crazy?
Hey, let me tell you something,
shortcake.
I've been in that can, you know?
I mean, you could die
in there or worse!
Oh, Amazing,
how are you feeling?
My first hangover.
Thanks to Potsie.
You're welcome.
Oh, that music
is driving me nuts.
You mind if I get rid of it?
No, wait a minute.
I brought it down so we could
hear George Fenneman's review.
- Oh, Al.
- Come on.
He told me he was gonna mention
my name on the radio.
Look, if Rosa Colletti
is listening, she'll hear me.
What should I do
with this thing now?
- Oh, well.
-(music stops, gasps)
oh!
That's really amazing.
Sure. Sure, it's not your radio.
Oh, Al, I'm sorry.
- Fonzie.
- Yeah.
Thanks a lot.
You really saved the day.
Are you kidding? Whoa.
♪ Good-bye, gray sky,
hello, blue ♪
♪ There's nothing can hold me
when I hold you ♪
♪ It feels so right,
it can't be wrong ♪
♪ Rockin' and rollin'
all week long ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- ♪ Happy and free ♪
- ♪ Oh, happy days ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- I Share them with me I
- S Oh, baby a'
♪ These happy days
are yours and mine ♪
♪ These happy days are
yours and mine, Happy Days! ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org